Identity Management
===================
PeerPoint IM Terms and Definitions
* entity: anything that has a definite, recognizable identity, whether a person, group, organization, place, object, computer, mobile device, concept, etc.
* Identity conceptual view (credit: Wikipedia)
* attribute: any characteristic, property, quality, trait, etc. that is inherent in or attributed to an entity. An entity has one or more attributes and an attribute has one or more values. For example "the sky (entity) has color (attribute) of blue (value)." This entity-attribute-value (EAV) model is sometimes called a "triple" as in the Resource Description Framework (RDF). An attribute (which is also a kind of entity) may have attributes of its own. These are often logically nested in a hierarchical fashion. For example, an address may be an attribute of a company but also an entity with attributes of street, city, state, etc. An entity may have multiple instances of the same attributes, such as multiple aliases or addresses. (Different programming languages, protocols, frameworks, and applications may organize the entity-attribute-value model differently; or use different terms such as object for entity or property for attribute; but this is probably the most generic approach.)Rdf-graph3 (Photo credit: Wikipedia)
* identity: a definitive and recognizable set of attribute-value pairs (or entity-attribute-value triples) for a particular entity. The set of attribute-value pairs may be partial or exhaustive, depending on the intended purpose of the identity construct.
* identification (ID): a dataset (value, record, file, etc) which represents the most concise amount of information required to specify a particular entity and distinguish it from others. An ID may be local to a particular context, such as a company employee ID or inventory number, or it may be universal. Examples of universal ID are Global Trade Item Numbers (GTIN) and uniform resource identifiers (URI).  The ID typically consists of a smaller quantity of data than the full identity dataset and only represents or refers to the full identity.
